 The use of “we” in Kitchenette building is used to be inclusive with those who have suffered in an environment but excludes the individuality of the narrator connecting to the theme that people can suffer from the environment they are raised in.
In Kitchenette building Brooks uses “we” to be inclusive by speaking about the life we live in with dull and sad imagery. We see this when she says “We are things of dry hours and the involuntary plan, grayed in, and gray”. When talking about “dry hours” and “grayed in and gray” it makes the reader visualize a dull and lifeless life, one that is very old as seen when it mentions the color gray making the environment and everyone in it seem sad. We then also see after talking about dreams she says “We wonder. But not well! Not for a minute!”. Within the context of talking about dreams she actively includes everyone who had a dream before but try not to think about it when they have other things on their mind. These two pieces of evidence show more inclusivity to those who are sad in life and have no dreams by using the word “we”.
In Kitchenette building Brooks uses “we” to exclude individuality as her rhetorical question about and symbolism of dreams point towards a broad belief that was taught to her that she seems to establish as truth. We see this when she says “ “Dream” makes a giddy sound, not strong like"rent ,""feeding a wife,” "satisfying a man.”. When talking about what is strong it reveals what is strong in her eyes and while she uses “we” to include people who have different views of what is seen to be “strong” making those who dream seem foolish for having it and that survival is stronger than an attempt to overachieve, and this ultimately shows a learned belief that makes her not feel the need to dream rather than something she wants to explore. We also see this when she says “But could a dream send up through Onion fumes…let it begin?”. This shows two things, one is that the narrator asks a rhetorical question that asks the reader if a dream could go through an average life of living in a kitchenette building. Her use of we is no longer inclusive of her as a person. Even when in the quote she says “Even if we were willing to let it in…let it begin?”, this is her input on the doubt she has dreams will improve her life. These two pieces of evidence more directly talk about the generalization of a life in the kitchenette building as she only ever includes people who are exactly like her but excludes any details about herself as she aims the text toward the average person who lives in a kitchenette.
In conclusion, Brooks uses “We” to include people who have sad lives and little to no dreams about the future as a way to connect everyone who reads this text but talks more specifically about the average life to put main focus on the average people in the kitchenette building rather than any type of focus on her specific life as she sees everyone the same as her and vise versa. This emphasizes the theme that people can suffer from the environment they live in.